It is a pleasure to bring you the warm love in greetings of our Bethel family of about
100 in cold rainy Addis Abebaam.
Yes, the Ethiopian islands are green from heavy rainfall and even from hail.
We are glad to say that in an area of our earth might by much unrest with wars in the
two Sudan's to our west, bomblasts in Yemen and Somalia to our east, severe conditions
in area to our north, and even some negative incidents in Kenya to our south, we have enjoyed
the calm, conducive to expanding the work.
Despite the weather, our now over 10,000 publishers, 10,000 11 was the latest peak, are very
active in Jehovah's service.
In both March and April, when we had warmer weather, 44% were in pioneer service, but we
are expecting a report of good participation in cold August as well.
The different campaigns during the year provided stimulus to the preaching activity.
For seven years now, special preaching campaigns of three months in new or seldom worked
territory have been arranged.
This year, over 60 brothers and sisters from overseas came to help, and they located
much interest.
This has served not only to reach a larger segment of our population of nearly 90 million
people, but also to stimulate our local publishers to see the joy and responsibility of expanding
the harvest work.
Another campaign was the worldwide work with track number 38 entitled, Can the Dead Really
Live Again.
During this activity, a pioneer brother saw a sad looking man come out of a house.
When he was offered the track with its appealing question, it readily captivated his interest.
He disclosed that he was Sudanese and had just lost three cousins in the fighting in the
south Sudan.
He then remarked that in his church, one does not receive such encouragement or comfort.
He added that his family was, in fact, mourning in the house when something just moved him
to go outside.
He concluded that God must have sent our brothers to comfort them.
Then he promptly called two relatives to listen with him.
One of them then had to travel, but the other two are now studying the Bible Teachbook regularly.
This was also the year for us to begin special metropolitan public witnessing.
The first place where this was arranged was the regional capital and university town of
Adamah.
The results exceeded all expectations.
Many people felt free to approach the display.
And during the first three months at that one location, over 7,000 publications were placed
and 1,403 requested Bible studies.
The effects are far reaching.
One man had come from more than 300 miles away.
And when he saw the display approach to tell the brothers, I always read your publications
on my mobile phone.
Mobile phones are widespread even in rural Ethiopia.
This man was pleased to arrange for a regular Bible study over the phone in the early morning
hours.
From another town, we received a series of photographs of the activity around the display.
And most of the pictures one cannot even see the display for the crowds of people flocking
around it.
In one location in the capital, some brothers first had to visit a police station.
To their delight, the officer in charge commended Jehovah's Witnesses and encouraged the other
officers to take and read our literature.
Of course our brothers were pleased to oblige and thus placed a variety of publications.
Where we do not yet have the report for the special activity in August, we heard of a group
of four pioneers traveling some 3,000 kilometers throughout northern Ethiopia looking for Chinese
companies and they found 30 of these where they could witness.
Our brothers now look forward to the conventions in October and around this time the invitation
activity would begin.
Much translation work remains to be done as we still have languages with over a million
people without any of our publications.
Also efforts are underway to set up the school for Kingdom Proof Evangelizers in the Amharic
language and hundreds of keen pioneers are waiting to benefit.
Thus in line with 1st Peter chapter 1 verse 13, we have every reason to keep our minds
braced for activity.